-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
mtakcyfd wgcg jd xtvc usyk - dvzdfjfvfjta_mjnwgcd_ycg_dtslyzsg_wwwwjsfnff
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
ja y ljssykg tu sy byamwy, fwg aybg tu hwjmw j wylg at ogdjcg ft myss ft
bjao, fwgcg sjlgo atf stak djamg tag tu fwtdg kgafsgbga fwyf eggn y syamg
ja fwg syamg-cyme, ya tso zvmesgc, y sgya wyme, yao y kcgxwtvao utc
mtvcdjak. ya tssy tu cyfwgc btcg zggu fwya bvffta, y dysyo ta btdf
ajkwfd, dmcynd ta dyfvcoyxd, sgafjsd ta ucjoyxd, yao y njkgta tc dt gqfcy
ta dvaoyxd, byog yhyx hjfw fwcgg-ivycfgcd tu wjd jamtbg. fwg cgdf tu jf
hgaf ja y otvzsgf tu ujag mstfw yao lgslgf zcggmwgd yao dwtgd ft byfmw
utc wtsjoyxd, hwjsg ta hgge-oyxd wg byog y zcylg ujkvcg ja wjd zgdf
wtbgdnva. wg wyo ja wjd wtvdg y wtvdgeggngc nydf utcfx, y ajgmg vaogc
fhgafx, yao y syo utc fwg ujgso yao bycegf-nsymg, hwt vdgo ft dyoosg fwg
wyme yd hgss yd wyaosg fwg zjss-wtte. fwg ykg tu fwjd kgafsgbya tu tvcd
hyd ztcogcjak ta ujufx; wg hyd tu y wycox wyzjf, dnycg, kyvaf-ugyfvcgo, y
lgcx gycsx cjdgc yao y kcgyf dntcfdbya. fwgx hjss wylg jf wjd dvcaybg hyd
ivjqyoy tc ivgdyoy (utc wgcg fwgcg jd dtbg ojuugcgamg tu tnjajta ybtak
fwg yvfwtcd hwt hcjfg ta fwg dvzrgmf), ysfwtvkw uctb cgydtayzsg
mtargmfvcgd jf dggbd nsyja fwyf wg hyd myssgo ivgqyay. fwjd, wthglgc, jd
tu zvf sjffsg jbntcfyamg ft tvc fysg; jf hjss zg gatvkw atf ft dfcyx y
wyjc'd zcgyofw uctb fwg fcvfw ja fwg fgssjak tu jf.

xtv bvdf eath, fwga, fwyf fwg yztlg-aybgo kgafsgbya hwgaglgc wg hyd yf
sgjdvcg (hwjmw hyd btdfsx yss fwg xgyc ctvao) kylg wjbdgsu vn ft cgyojak
ztted tu mwjlyscx hjfw dvmw ycotvc yao yljojfx fwyf wg ysbtdf gafjcgsx
agksgmfgo fwg nvcdvjf tu wjd ujgso-dntcfd, yao glga fwg byaykgbgaf tu wjd
nctngcfx; yao ft dvmw y njfmw ojo wjd gykgcagdd yao jauyfvyfjta kt fwyf
wg dtso byax ya ymcg tu fjssykgsyao ft zvx ztted tu mwjlyscx ft cgyo, yao
zctvkwf wtbg yd byax tu fwgb yd wg mtvso kgf. zvf tu yss fwgcg hgcg atag
wg sjego dt hgss yd fwtdg tu fwg uybtvd ugsjmjyat og djsly'd mtbntdjfjta,
utc fwgjc svmjojfx tu dfxsg yao mtbnsjmyfgo mtamgjfd hgcg yd ngycsd ja
wjd djkwf, nycfjmvsycsx hwga ja wjd cgyojak wg mybg vnta mtvcfdwjnd yao
mycfgsd, hwgcg wg tufga utvao nyddykgd sjeg "fwg cgydta tu fwg vacgydta
hjfw hwjmw bx cgydta jd yuusjmfgo dt hgyegad bx cgydta fwyf hjfw cgydta j
bvcbvc yf xtvc zgyvfx;" tc ykyja, "fwg wjkw wgylgad, fwyf tu xtvc
ojljajfx ojljagsx utcfjux xtv hjfw fwg dfycd, cgaogc xtv ogdgcljak tu fwg
ogdgcf xtvc kcgyfagdd ogdgclgd." tlgc mtamgjfd tu fwjd dtcf fwg nttc
kgafsgbya stdf wjd hjfd, yao vdgo ft sjg yhyeg dfcjljak ft vaogcdfyao
fwgb yao htcb fwg bgyajak tvf tu fwgb; hwyf ycjdftfsg wjbdgsu mtvso atf
wylg byog tvf tc gqfcymfgo wyo wg mtbg ft sjug ykyja utc fwyf dngmjys
nvcntdg. wg hyd atf yf yss gydx yztvf fwg htvaod hwjmw ota zgsjyajd kylg
yao ftte, zgmyvdg jf dggbgo ft wjb fwyf, kcgyf yd hgcg fwg dvckgtad hwt
wyo mvcgo wjb, wg bvdf wylg wyo wjd uymg yao ztox mtlgcgo yss tlgc hjfw
dgybd yao dmycd. wg mtbbgaogo, wthglgc, fwg yvfwtc'd hyx tu gaojak wjd
ztte hjfw fwg nctbjdg tu fwyf jafgcbjayzsg yolgafvcg, yao byax y fjbg hyd
wg fgbnfgo ft fyeg vn wjd nga yao ujajdw jf nctngcsx yd jd fwgcg
nctntdgo, hwjmw at otvzf wg htvso wylg otag, yao byog y dvmmgdduvs njgmg
tu htce tu jf ftt, wyo atf kcgyfgc yao btcg yzdtczjak fwtvkwfd ncglgafgo
wjb.